README.md, before:

# MapQuest Open Style

This is the Mapnik stylesheet used on the MapQuest
[Open](http://open.mapquest.com) services.

## License

You can use this style freely under the MIT license. Please see the
LICENSE file for details.

## Mapnik version

This stylesheet uses features only available in mapnik builds with
libxml2 as the XML parser. This style is designed to work with Mapnik
2.0.0 or later. We currently use 2.0.0, and it is recommended to use
the latest stable release, which is 2.0.0 at the time of writing.

## Database setup

To run these styles you need to be using a "slim mode" database
generated by osm2pgsql, as the style references some of those tables
to unpack some relations.

## Static files

### TIFF files 

These are used for low-zoom levels. Please download the following and
extract them into the world_boundaries directory.

http://developer.mapquest.com/content/static/geotiffs/mercator_tiffs.tar

### World boundary shapefiles

Please download and extract these shapefiles into the world_boundaries
directory. 

http://tile.openstreetmap.org/world_boundaries-spherical.tgz 
http://tile.openstreetmap.org/processed_p.tar.bz2 
http://tile.openstreetmap.org/shoreline_300.tar.bz2

Commit message:

Documentation pointing to the osm2pgsql style file.

README.md, after:

# MapQuest Open Style

This is the Mapnik stylesheet used on the MapQuest
[Open](http://open.mapquest.com) services.

## License

You can use this style freely under the MIT license. Please see the
LICENSE file for details.

## Mapnik version

This stylesheet uses features only available in mapnik builds with
libxml2 as the XML parser. This style is designed to work with Mapnik
2.0.0 or later. We currently use 2.0.0, and it is recommended to use
the latest stable release, which is 2.0.0 at the time of writing.

## Database setup

To run these styles you need to be using a "slim mode" database
generated by osm2pgsql, as the style references some of those tables
to unpack some relations.

The MapQuest Open stylesheet needs a few extra columns in the 
database generated by osm2pgsql. Please see the `default.style` file
in the `osm2pgsql` directory for the one that we are using.

## Static files

### TIFF files 

These are used for low-zoom levels. Please download the following and
extract them into the world_boundaries directory.

http://developer.mapquest.com/content/static/geotiffs/mercator_tiffs.tar

### World boundary shapefiles

Please download and extract these shapefiles into the world_boundaries
directory. 

http://tile.openstreetmap.org/world_boundaries-spherical.tgz 
http://tile.openstreetmap.org/processed_p.tar.bz2 
http://tile.openstreetmap.org/shoreline_300.tar.bz2
